How?
Soul Lock Town is a good thing
master
Can Soul Lock Town really seal the devil child?
Soul Lock Town formerly known as Seven Evil Soul Town
By the devil
Crawling coolies
Seven Demons
It was the most vicious death in the world
The ghosts in the trapped town are tortured by the Seven Demons day and night
Until the soul is gone
Later
Some virtuous people have conducted political and legal affairs
No deception is specially punished for me
A lot less sinister power
But it can also be called the most severe formation in the right path.
Wow
The previous Gui Hong was miserable
But master
We use such a cruel array to treat children
Isn't that too cruel?
Hey
He was angry.
Unable to resolve
There is no way.
seventh uncle
The letter from home is actually a very poor child
30 years ago, Xu Binyan was imprisoned in a dilapidated house
Perhaps he is desperate for life
He lied to his family to buy medicine
But the letter home was only 6 years old at the time
He didn't even know it was sleeping pills
Later, Xu Bing committed suicide by drinking medicine
The letter from home always felt that he killed his mother
I see
Now the truth is completely clear
I went to investigate Xu Bingyan
He was originally a college student
He was trafficked to a Buddhist village